today onward link DIY you're going to
learn how to make a vase base
centerpiece I'm your host Brooke and
this is what lengthy eyeline
welcome back so today what we're going
to be making is our VARs based
centerpiece so the items that you'll
need is obviously you have eyes now you
can pick this up for any price range
depending on what style bars that you
choose so that's up to you I've chosen a
nice big tall one today with a nice
white opening to allow more candles to
sit in up the top you'll also need your
glass pebbles now you can pick these up
for roughly about six dollars at your
local craft store you'll also need your
LED lights and you can pick them up for
a pack of four for about twelve dollars
you'll also need some little grass
sprigs depending on what you have in
your floral bouquet already and also a
matching flower that is out of your
bouquet or your bridesmaids
some water to fill up our bars and our
candles and something to light it with
now that we have all of our materials
that we need to make it let's go ahead
and start doing them with my advice I'm
gonna go ahead and fill it up with my
beads that I have here so I've chosen
blue and clear today but you can use any
color that matches your color scheme and
if you're having say beach wedding or an
outdoor wedding you can also use
alternative materials as opposed to
these you make one of your shells or
some earth rocks as well
so go ahead and pop that in now after
that go get it
bit of a shake just the rain to them so
they're nice and even around with the
colors with these LED lights or they
take to turn on is a bit of a twist and
just hide it a little bit in the pebbles
there now make sure you turn your lights
on before you put your water in
otherwise it's gonna be a little bit
trickier to do it later on there we go I
have three in there but you can use any
amount that you want that fits inside
your VARs I've used three because ours
is extending up and going wider at the
top now they have them in here I have my
little sprigs that I'm going to put in
what you want to do is at the base of it
you want to pop that in and we feel
beads and make sure it's nice and
secured and have it as an anchor then
all you do is you just want to take the
end of your spring and twist them around
to whatever you feel is a nice design
now that we have all of our eggs in
place I'm going to go ahead and put my
flower in I've already pre-measured it
to the length where I would like to have
it now you want to have it so that your
stem is pointing in the middle and that
will allow your flower to stand up nice
and tall careful when you're taking your
hand out because you might loosen some
of your sprigs now I have my flour in
there and I'm pretty happy how
everything is is looking in there I'm
gonna go ahead and add my water when you
add your water and just careful and do
it nice and slowly otherwise it might
disrupt your flower
now that you have all of your water
there go ahead and add your floating
candles look at that congratulations
you've just created your very first base
base centerpiece thanks for watching and
to see any of our other videos go ahead
and press the subscribe button down
below
you can also find out more information
and our web link page which is WWE web
link comm I'm broken thanks again for
watching and I'm your web link wedding
DIY guru